README.md, before:

# bower-npm-resolver

[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/mjeanroy/bower-npm-resolver.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mjeanroy/bower-npm-resolver.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mjeanroy/bower-npm-resolver)

[![Get it on npm](https://nodei.co/npm/bower-npm-resolver.png?compact=true)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/bower-npm-resolver)

A [custom Bower resolver](http://bower.io/docs/pluggable-resolvers/) supporting installation of NPM packages.
This resolver should be used if the package (or the version of the package you want to use) is not available on default
resolvers (bower registry, github, etc.).

## Installation

```bash
npm install -g bower-npm-resolver
```

Or, if you use bower locally:

```bash
npm install bower-npm-resolver
```

## Configuration and usage

### .bowerrc

Add the resolver in your `.bowerrc` file:

```json
{
  "resolvers": [
    "bower-npm-resolver"
  ]
}
```

### Usage

Once configured, your bower.json files may reference packages using `npm:` prefix:

```json
{
  "dependencies": {
    "jquery": "npm:jquery#1.0.0",
    "lodash": "4.0.0"
  }
}
```

The resolver will match packages with `npm:` prefix.
In the example above, `jquery` will be fetched from npm. `lodash` will not be matched by this resolver.

Note that you can also specify scope package:

```json
{
  "dependencies": {
    "angular-core": "npm:@angular/core#~2.0.0"
  }
}
```

The resolver will download the scope package on npm and extract the tarball in the `bower_components` directory named `[scope]-[name]` (in the example above, scope is `angular`, name is `core`).

### Alternative usage

As of v0.2.0, matching were made using `npm+` prefix, such as:


```json
{
  "dependencies": {
    "npm+jquery": "jquery",
    "lodash": "4.0.0"
  }
}
```

The resolver will match packages with npm+ prefix, and strip the prefix prior to fetching from npm repo.
In the example above, `jquery` will be fetched from npm, `lodash` will not be matched by this resolver.

If this is not what you want, you can pass configuration parameters in `.bowerrc`.

If you use a private npm repository for all your company's packages, and they all start with a shared prefix,
you can change the prefix:

```json
{
  "resolvers": [
    "bower-npm-resolver"
  ],
  "bowerNpmResolver": {
    "matchPrefix": "mycompanynpmpackages-",
    "stripPrefix": false
  }
}
```

Then in your `bower.json`:

```json
{
  "dependencies": {
    "mycompanynpmpackages-foobar": "1.0.0",
    "other": "1.0.0"
  }
}
```

In the example above, `mycompanynpmpackages-foobar` will be fetched from npm. `other` will not be matched by this resolver.


## Features

This resolver will:
- Use NPM commands to get the version (and the list of available versions) to download.
- Download the tarball associated with the package and the version (you can see the tarball URL that will be used by typing: `npm view pkg@version dist.tarball`).
- Use NPM proxy configuration to download the tarball.
- Extract the tarball, this directory will be used by bower.

## Notes

If the package you download on NPM does not contains `bower.json`, you will not get the
transitive dependencies (and you will have to explicitly add then to your `bower.json` file).

## License

MIT License (MIT)

## Changelogs

- 0.6.0
  - Use global npm instead of local module.
- 0.5.0
  - Fix a bug with temporary directory being removed between two downloads.
- 0.4.0
  - Use `npm pack` command to download packages (using npm proxy settings).
- 0.3.0
  - Use `npm:` prefix.
  - Support scope packages.
- 0.2.0
  - Allow custom prefixes (instead of default `npm+`).
- 0.1.0 - Initial release
  - Use `npm+` prefix to match packages.

## Contributing

If you find a bug or think about enhancement, feel free to contribute and submit an issue or a pull request.

To work in TDD mode, just run: `npm run tdd`.

## Credits

Special thanks to @mhofman & @jakub-g for their [contributions](https://github.com/mjeanroy/bower-npm-resolver/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed)!

Commit message:

docs: update changelogs in README file

README.md, after:

# bower-npm-resolver

[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/mjeanroy/bower-npm-resolver.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mjeanroy/bower-npm-resolver.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mjeanroy/bower-npm-resolver)

[![Get it on npm](https://nodei.co/npm/bower-npm-resolver.png?compact=true)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/bower-npm-resolver)

A [custom Bower resolver](http://bower.io/docs/pluggable-resolvers/) supporting installation of NPM packages.
This resolver should be used if the package (or the version of the package you want to use) is not available on default
resolvers (bower registry, github, etc.).

## Installation

```bash
npm install -g bower-npm-resolver
```

Or, if you use bower locally:

```bash
npm install bower-npm-resolver
```

## Configuration and usage

### .bowerrc

Add the resolver in your `.bowerrc` file:

```json
{
  "resolvers": [
    "bower-npm-resolver"
  ]
}
```

### Usage

Once configured, your bower.json files may reference packages using `npm:` prefix:

```json
{
  "dependencies": {
    "jquery": "npm:jquery#1.0.0",
    "lodash": "4.0.0"
  }
}
```

The resolver will match packages with `npm:` prefix.
In the example above, `jquery` will be fetched from npm. `lodash` will not be matched by this resolver.

Note that you can also specify scope package:

```json
{
  "dependencies": {
    "angular-core": "npm:@angular/core#~2.0.0"
  }
}
```

The resolver will download the scope package on npm and extract the tarball in the `bower_components` directory named `[scope]-[name]` (in the example above, scope is `angular`, name is `core`).

### Alternative usage

As of v0.2.0, matching were made using `npm+` prefix, such as:


```json
{
  "dependencies": {
    "npm+jquery": "jquery",
    "lodash": "4.0.0"
  }
}
```

The resolver will match packages with npm+ prefix, and strip the prefix prior to fetching from npm repo.
In the example above, `jquery` will be fetched from npm, `lodash` will not be matched by this resolver.

If this is not what you want, you can pass configuration parameters in `.bowerrc`.

If you use a private npm repository for all your company's packages, and they all start with a shared prefix,
you can change the prefix:

```json
{
  "resolvers": [
    "bower-npm-resolver"
  ],
  "bowerNpmResolver": {
    "matchPrefix": "mycompanynpmpackages-",
    "stripPrefix": false
  }
}
```

Then in your `bower.json`:

```json
{
  "dependencies": {
    "mycompanynpmpackages-foobar": "1.0.0",
    "other": "1.0.0"
  }
}
```

In the example above, `mycompanynpmpackages-foobar` will be fetched from npm. `other` will not be matched by this resolver.


## Features

This resolver will:
- Use NPM commands to get the version (and the list of available versions) to download.
- Download the tarball associated with the package and the version (you can see the tarball URL that will be used by typing: `npm view pkg@version dist.tarball`).
- Use NPM proxy configuration to download the tarball.
- Extract the tarball, this directory will be used by bower.

## Notes

If the package you download on NPM does not contains `bower.json`, you will not get the
transitive dependencies (and you will have to explicitly add then to your `bower.json` file).

## License

MIT License (MIT)

## Changelogs

- 0.8.0
  - Fix an incompatibility with NPM >= 5.0.0
- 0.7.0
  - Fix a bug with `requireg` module.
  - Remove `cwd` update side effect.
- 0.6.0
  - Use global npm instead of local module.
- 0.5.0
  - Fix a bug with temporary directory being removed between two downloads.
- 0.4.0
  - Use `npm pack` command to download packages (using npm proxy settings).
- 0.3.0
  - Use `npm:` prefix.
  - Support scope packages.
- 0.2.0
  - Allow custom prefixes (instead of default `npm+`).
- 0.1.0 - Initial release
  - Use `npm+` prefix to match packages.

## Contributing

If you find a bug or think about enhancement, feel free to contribute and submit an issue or a pull request.

To work in TDD mode, just run: `npm run tdd`.

## Credits

Special thanks to @mhofman & @jakub-g for their [contributions](https://github.com/mjeanroy/bower-npm-resolver/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed)!
